Matlab Channel Access (MCA)

* V 4 - Kay Kasemir, Sept 2006
Some cleanup on the way to understanding the code
in order to fix the "No channel exists for this handle."
error:
- Arranged files in directories.
- Added tests.
- Replaced ChannelAccess.cpp by inlines,
  no more IsInitialized() checks needed
  because that's automatic.
- Use PVNAME_SZ from base instead of yet another #define.
- Changed PV hash to template, found one reason for the
  crash-on-exit:
  In mca_cleanup, the 'iterator' would use the node that
  was just deleted to get the 'next' node.

* V 3.2 - Kay Kasemir, June 30 2006
steven.banks@synchrotron.vic.gov.au emailed a snapshot
of MCA as used at the Australian Synchroton Project.
Compared that to the sources currently used at the SNS,
and tried to merge the differences.

The A.S.P. sources included
- Fix for mcamonevents:
  While
     mcamonevents([pv1 pv2])
  might have worked,
     mcamonevents([pv2 pv1])
  didn't. Now it always seems to work.

- New
     mcastate
  command.

- mcaput now uses put_callback

There's also a new 'mcaversion' command.


* SNS Release 3.0

Carl Lionberger 18 June 2004

This release incorporates changes done by Steven Banks of the Australian 
Synchrotron Project.  (Steven_Banks@doi.vic.gov.au).  These include 
reliability improvements due to queuing ca callbacks of matlab commands to
prevent reentrancy problems and removal of the earlier fixed limitation on the
number of channel access pv's in use.  Several examples are provided.

A simpler EPICS Makefile style build using the EPICS build environment has
been added.  This was done at SNS by Ernest Williams based on earlier work by 
Kay Kasemir.  See README file.

The mcaconn command present in some earlier SNS versions has been dropped.

There is a timestamp facility but it is somewhat different than a previous
version that was used only at SNS.

This version is known to work under linux and windows.

Our continuing thanks to Andrei Terebilo at SLAC for originally developing MCA. 
